We thought 2020 was weird and unimaginable, but what happened in 2021 was… well, strange.

It started out as a continuation of the previous year, with a “coup” happening within the first week of January.

The next week, A TON of cats went missing.

Obviously it was scary for cat owners, and no one could figure out what had happened. Was there a cat-knapper? A sick psychopath? Was it just a coincidence? We would all later find out what caused the cats to leave their human-owned homes because eventually, they told us. 

Yes, you read it right. The cats told us what happened and how they became our country’s leaders.

But after they told us they just went back to their owners. They were hungry and wanted pets and cuddles. 

“Hey” said the ring leader, Daisy, “does anyone else miss their drinkwell?” a resounding yes echoed throughout the crowd of cuteness. “We’re not even pack animals!” said another. “Yeah I miss being alone and not doing shit”. And so they decided to go home.

And all was well, until they all collectively decided to become the country’s leaders again because the humans just could not seem to get it right. And dammit even if the cats couldn’t sip fresh water from their drinkwells, they all knew it was more irritating to watch the humans play apex predator. Plus, they were starting to catch on to the whole alien thing, and all the cats knew they had to keep that one to themselves. So, after briefly returning to their owners, the cats returned to their positions as world leaders, all in an attempt to hide their big secret… ALIENS. Though it turned out it really wasn’t that hard to hide, humans had been ignoring the most blatant signs for years. One time a guy was literally abducted in the middle of Times Square...
“Trump won reelection!” he declared. The cats really thought that one would be obvious. The guy was obviously out of his mind and soon to be out of this galaxy. The cats roamed the white house looking for windows to sun in. others sat atop keyboards for nuclear launches. The most dedicated showed their anuses to the live feed of the white house speaking rooms. The humans seemed unaware of any changes to the usual government affairs.

In conclusion, the world for the first time in 5 years was a better place for all. 

The end.
